Check geometry: Duplicated vertices ---> Add explanation for added fields (#10172)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/checkgeometry.rst

   * - **Duplicated vertices errors**
     - ``ERRORS``
     - [vector: point]
     - Output point layer representing the error locations and information.
       Other than the input attributes, the output layer also contains the following fields:
       
       - ``gc_layerid``: the ID of the input layer.
       - ``gc_layername``: the name of the input layer.
       - ``gc_partidx``: the geometry part index of the erroneous feature.

>        - ``gc_ringidx``: the ring index of the erroneous feature.

Reviewer: I don't know. I spontaneously assigned the word "ring" to the interior ring (if so, we should clarify the docs) but I may be wrong; it's easier to check: run the alg with the suggested geometry and you'll see what it outputs.

>        - ``gc_vertidx``: the vertex index of the erroneous feature.

Reviewer: The vertex index is taken from the input feature, so if you put the input layer in edit mode and take the vertex editor, you can display the vertex indices and find the index of the two that share the same location.

>        - ``gc_errorx``: the x coordinate of the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - ``gc_errorx``: the x coordinate of the duplicate vertex.
```

>        - ``gc_errory``: the y coordinate of the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - ``gc_errory``: the y coordinate of the duplicate vertex.
```

>        - ``gc_error``: a description of the error.

Reviewer: As far as I can see in your screenshots, this field is empty. Let's not try to describe it and leave it also empty. It will help to collect all the _meaningless_ fields the algs report
```suggestion
       - ``gc_error``
```
